0 | The crisis reduced the demand for large cars.
What did the crisis reduce? | Did the crisis reduce the demand for large cars?
1 | In many parts of the United States, after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate "with all deliberate speed", local families organized a wave of private "Christian academies".
What did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand? | Did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United States schools desegregate? | Where did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United United States schools? | How did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United States schools desegregate? | When did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " in many parts of the United States? | What did local families organize in many parts of the United States after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "? | Where did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "? | Did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " in many parts of the United States after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "?
2 | Plastid differentiation is not permanent, in fact many interconversions are possible.
Are many interconversions possible? | Is plastid differentiation permanent? | Indicate characteristics of many interconversions. | Indicate characteristics of plastid differentiation.
3 | Many types of Turing machines are used to define complexity classes, such as deterministic Turing machines, probabilistic Turing machines, non-deterministic Turing machines, quantum Turing machines, symmetric Turing machines and alternating Turing machines.
What are many types of Turing machines used? | What are many types of Turing machines used to define? | Are many types of Turing machines used to define complexity classes , such as deterministic Turing machines , probabilistic Turing machines , non - deterministic Turing machines , quantum Turing machines , symmetric Turing machines and alternating Turing machines?
4 | The Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observed that Luther's teaching about the state of the Christian's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard.
What did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe? | Where did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe Lutheran? | Where did Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differ Lutheran? | Did Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differ from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard? | What did observe that Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard? | Did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe that Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard?
5 | Reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century, when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating (piston) steam engines in commercial usage, and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation.
How would you describe reciprocating piston type steam engines? | When did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power? | What advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of? | When did advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines result in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation? | Did advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines result in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation the early 20th century? | How did advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines result in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation the early 20th century? | What reciprocating piston type steam engines remained the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of? | Did reciprocating piston type steam engines remain the dominant source of power until the early 20th century , when advances in the design of electric motors and internal combustion engines gradually resulted in the replacement of reciprocating ( piston ) steam engines in commercial usage , and the ascendancy of steam turbines in power generation?
6 | Telenet was the first FCC-licensed public data network in the United States.
How would you describe telenet? | Did FCC license public data network? | Where was telenet the first FCC - licensed public data network? | Where was telenet the first FCC - licensed public data network in the United? | Was telenet the first FCC - licensed public data network in the United States?
7 | In 1900, Tesla was granted patents for a "system of transmitting electrical energy" and "an electrical transmitter."
What was Tesla granted patents for a " system of? | When was patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter granted Tesla? | Was patents for a " system of transmitting electrical energy " and " an electrical transmitter granted Tesla in 1900?
8 | Throughout the history of education the most common form of school discipline was corporal punishment.
How would you describe the most common form of school discipline? | When was the most common form of school discipline corporal punishment? | Was the most common form of school discipline corporal punishment throughout the history of education?
9 | The Normans thereafter adopted the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France, and worked them into a functional hierarchical system in both Normandy and in England.
Where did the Normans work? | What did the Normans adopt thereafter? | When did the Normans adopt the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France? | Where did the Normans adopt the growing feudal doctrines of the rest thereafter? | Did the Normans adopt the growing feudal doctrines of the rest of France thereafter? | Did the Normans work into a functional hierarchical system in both Normandy and in England?
10 | About 61.1% of Victorians describe themselves as Christian.
What do about 61.1 % of Victorians describe? | Do about 61.1 % of Victorians describe themselves?
11 | The judicial branch of the EU has played an important role in the development of EU law, by assuming the task of interpreting the treaties, and accelerating economic and political integration.
What has the judicial branch of the EU played? | Has the judicial branch of the EU played an important role in the development of EU law? | Where has the judicial branch of the EU played of the an important role in the development? | How has the judicial branch of the EU played an important role in the development of EU law? | What has the judicial branch of the EU played an important role in the development of EU law , by? | What has the judicial branch of the EU played an important role in the development of EU law , by assuming the task of?
12 | The service started on 1 September 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer, Sam Chisholm and Rupert Murdoch, of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee-based concept.
Who did base? | What did base? | Did concept base fee? | When did the service start? | What the service started on 1 September 1993 based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , Sam Chisholm and Rupert Murdoch , of? | What on the idea from the then chief executive officer , Sam Chisholm and Rupert Murdoch , of converting the company business strategy to an entirely fee - based concept based on the idea from the then chief executive officer , Sam Chisholm and Rupert Murdoch , of?
13 | Politically, the system of government created by Kublai Khan was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system.
Who did create government? | Did by Kublai Khan create government? | How would you describe the system of government created by Kublai Khan? | What was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system? | Was the system of government created by Kublai Khan the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system?
14 | Luther refused to recant his writings.
What did luther refuse? | What did luther refuse to recant? | Did luther refuse to recant his writings?
15 | Since 1999, Big Finish Productions has released several different series of Doctor Who audios on CD.
What has Big Finish Productions released since 1999? | When has Big Finish Productions released several different series of Doctor Who audios on CD? | Has Big Finish Productions released several different series of Doctor Who audios on CD since 1999?
16 | Southern California is home to Los Angeles International Airport, the second-busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume (see World's busiest airports by passenger traffic) and the third by international passenger volume (see Busiest airports in the United States by international passenger traffic); San Diego International Airport the busiest single runway airport in the world; Van Nuys Airport, the world's busiest general aviation airport; major commercial airports at Orange County, Bakersfield, Ontario, Burbank and Long Beach; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports.
Is southern California home to Los Angeles International Airport? | Where does the third by international passenger volume see Busiest? | Where does the third by international passenger volume see Busiest airports? | What does the third by international passenger volume see in the United States? | What does the second - busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see? | Does the third by international passenger volume see Busiest airports in the United States? | Where does the second - busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see International Airport , busiest airport? | Where does the second - busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see International Airport , busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see World 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see Busiest airports in the United States by international passenger traffic ) ; San Diego International Airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; Van Nuys Airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports? | Does the second - busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see World 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see Busiest airports in the United States by international passenger traffic ) ; San Diego International Airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; Van Nuys Airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at Orange County , Bakersfield , Ontario , Burbank and Long Beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation airports? | Where does the second - busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see International Airport , busiest airport in the United States by passenger volume ( see World 's busiest airports by passenger traffic ) and the third by international passenger volume ( see Busiest airports in the United States by international passenger traffic ) ; San Diego International Airport the busiest single runway airport in the world ; Van Nuys Airport , the world 's busiest general aviation airport ; major commercial airports at Orange County , Bakersfield , Ontario , Burbank and Long Beach ; and numerous smaller commercial and general aviation?
17 | Tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison in New York City.
Where do tesla work for Thomas Edison? | Do tesla work for Thomas Edison in New York City? | When did tesla gain experience in telephony and electrical engineering? | What tesla gained experience in telephony and electrical engineering before? | What did tesla gain before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison in New York City? | Did tesla gain experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison in New York City? | Where did tesla gain experience in telephony and electrical engineering before emigrating to the United States in 1884 to work for Thomas Edison in New York City?
18 | Gothic architecture is represented in the majestic churches but also at the burgher houses and fortifications.
Where is gothic architecture represented?
19 | Citizenship of the EU has increasingly been seen as a "fundamental" status of member state nationals by the Court of Justice, and has accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move.
Where do they move? | When can people access? | Can people access wherever they move? | Where can people access social services? | What has citizenship of the EU accordingly increased? | Can people access social services wherever they move? | Where has citizenship of the EU increasingly been seen? | Has citizenship of the EU accordingly increased the number of social services that people can access wherever they move? | Has citizenship of the EU increasingly been seen as a " fundamental " status of member state nationals by the Court of Justice?
20 | In 2008, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency's SELENE probe observed evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater while orbiting above the lunar surface.
What did Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency 's SELENE probe observe in 2008? | When did Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency 's SELENE probe observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater while orbiting above the lunar surface? | Did Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency 's SELENE probe observe evidence of the halo surrounding the Apollo 15 Lunar Module blast crater while orbiting above the lunar surface in 2008?
21 | In November 2006, the Victorian Legislative Council elections were held under a new multi-member proportional representation system.
Where were the Victorian Legislative Council elections held in November 2006? | When were the Victorian Legislative Council elections held under a new multi - member proportional representation system?
22 | The United Methodist Church, along with other Methodist churches, condemns capital punishment, saying that it cannot accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for taking human life.
What cannot it accept? | What does the United Methodist Church condemn? | Cannot it accept retribution or social vengeance? | Why cannot it accept retribution or social vengeance? | Does the United Methodist Church condemn capital punishment? | Where does the United Methodist Church condemn capital punishment? | What cannot it accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for? | What saying the United Methodist Church that it cannot accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for? | What condemns the United Methodist Church capital punishment , saying that it cannot accept retribution or social vengeance as a reason for?
23 | The neighborhood of Sunnyside is on Fresno's far southeast side, bounded by Chestnut Avenue to the West.
Where is the neighborhood of Sunnyside? | Did by Chestnut Avenue bound the neighborhood of Sunnyside? | Is the neighborhood of Sunnyside on Fresno 's far southeast side?
24 | To measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem, one may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem.
What may one wish? | What do one measure to? | What may one wish to see? | What does the best algorithm require? | What do one measure to the difficulty of? | Does the best algorithm require how much time? | Do one measure to the difficulty of solving a computational problem? | May one wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem?
25 | The flora of the city may be considered very rich in species.
26 | Chloroplasts are a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid, though the two terms are sometimes used interchangeably.
Did a plant cell call a plastid? | How would you describe chloroplasts? | How would you describe a plant cell? | Are the two terms sometimes used interchangeably? | How many terms are sometimes used the interchangeably? | When are the two terms sometimes used interchangeably? | Are chloroplasts a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid? | How many terms are sometimes used interchangeably are though a special type of a plant cell organelle called a plastid?
27 | The theologians, including Zwingli, Melanchthon, Martin Bucer, and Johannes Oecolampadius, differed on the significance of the words spoken by Jesus at the Last Supper: "This is my body which is for you" and "This cup is the new covenant in my blood" (1 Corinthians 11:23–26).
Is my body for you? | How many ) is This cup? | What did speak the words? | How would you describe This? | How would you describe This cup? | Is This my body which is for you? | Who did differ " ( 1 Corinthians 11:23–26 )? | Did by Jesus at the Last Supper speak the words? | Is This cup the new covenant in my blood " ( 1 Corinthians 11:23–26 )? | How many ) did the theologians , including Zwingli , Melanchthon , Martin Bucer , and Johannes Oecolampadius , differ? | Did the theologians , including Zwingli , Melanchthon , Martin Bucer , and Johannes Oecolampadius , differ " ( 1 Corinthians 11:23–26 )?
28 | Conservation is responsible for the long-term preservation of the collections, and covers all the collections held by the V&A and the V&A Museum of Childhood.
Indicate characteristics of conservation. | Did by the V&A and the V&A Museum of Childhood hold all the collections? | Is conservation responsible for the long - term preservation of the collections? | Does all the collections held by the V&A and the V&A Museum of Childhood cover conservation?
29 | Even though some proofs of complexity-theoretic theorems regularly assume some concrete choice of input encoding, one tries to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding.
What does one try? | What does one try to keep? | How would you describe one? | Indicate characteristics of the discussion. | Does the discussion be independent of the choice of encoding? | What do some proofs of complexity - theoretic theorems assume? | Do some proofs of complexity - theoretic theorems assume some concrete choice of input encoding? | Does one try to keep the discussion abstract enough to be independent of the choice of encoding? | How do some proofs of complexity - theoretic theorems assume some concrete choice of input encoding?
30 | The Very high-speed Backbone Network Service (vBNS) came on line in April 1995 as part of a National Science Foundation (NSF) sponsored project to provide high-speed interconnection between NSF-sponsored supercomputing centers and select access points in the United States.
Did NSF sponsor supercomputing? | What does a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) sponsored project provide? | When did the Very high - speed Backbone Network Service ( vBNS ) come on line? | Did the Very high - speed Backbone Network Service ( vBNS ) come on line in April 1995? | Where did the Very high - speed Backbone Network Service ( vBNS ) come on line in April 1995? | Does a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) sponsored project provide high - speed interconnection? | Where does a National Science Foundation ( NSF ) sponsored project provide high - speed interconnection?
31 | There are a variety of bodies designed to instill, preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers.
What did a variety of bodies design? | Did a variety of bodies design to instill , preserve and update the knowledge and professional standing of teachers?
32 | Of particular concern with Internet pharmacies is the ease with which people, youth in particular, can obtain controlled substances (e.g., Vicodin, generically known as hydrocodone) via the Internet without a prescription issued by a doctor/practitioner who has an established doctor-patient relationship.
Who is the? | What can people , youth obtain? | What does a doctor / practitioner has? | Who did know generically as hydrocodone )? | Did Vicodin know generically as hydrocodone )? | How did Vicodin know generically as hydrocodone )? | Does a doctor / practitioner has an established doctor - patient relationship? | Can people , youth obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , Vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone )? | Did by a doctor / practitioner who has an established doctor - patient relationship issue a prescription? | How can people , youth obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , Vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone )? | Can people obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , Vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the Internet without a prescription issued by a doctor / practitioner who has an established doctor - patient relationship? | Is ease with which people , youth in particular , can obtain controlled substances ( e.g. , Vicodin , generically known as hydrocodone ) via the Internet without a prescription issued by a doctor / practitioner who has an established doctor - patient relationship the?
33 | Wealth concentration is a theoretical[according to whom?]
Is wealth concentration a theoretical? | How would you describe wealth concentration?
34 | A regulation of the Rhine was called for, with an upper canal near Diepoldsau and a lower canal at Fußach, in order to counteract the constant flooding and strong sedimentation in the western Rhine Delta.
Where does the constant flooding and strong sedimentation counteract? | Where was a regulation of the Rhine called with an upper canal near Diepoldsau and a lower canal? | Was a regulation of the Rhine called with an upper canal near Diepoldsau and a lower canal at Fußach? | Where was a regulation of the Rhine called with an upper canal near Diepoldsau and a lower canal at Fußach?
35 | The problems with North American were severe enough in late 1965 to cause Manned Space Flight Administrator George Mueller to appoint program director Samuel Phillips to head a "tiger team" to investigate North American's problems and identify corrections.
What do cause? | What do identify corrections? | What do head a " tiger team "? | What do investigate North American 's problems? | What does program director Samuel Phillips head? | What do appoint program director Samuel Phillips? | What does program director Samuel Phillips identify? | What does program director Samuel Phillips investigate? | When were the problems with North American severe enough? | Does program director Samuel Phillips identify corrections? | Does program director Samuel Phillips head a " tiger team "? | Indicate characteristics of the problems with North American. | What do Manned Space Flight Administrator George Mueller appoint? | Were the problems with North American severe enough in late 1965? | Does program director Samuel Phillips investigate North American 's problems? | Do Manned Space Flight Administrator George Mueller appoint program director Samuel Phillips?
36 | To measure the difficulty of solving a computational problem, one may wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem.
What may one wish? | What do one measure to? | What may one wish to see? | What does the best algorithm require? | What do one measure to the difficulty of? | Does the best algorithm require how much time? | Do one measure to the difficulty of solving a computational problem? | May one wish to see how much time the best algorithm requires to solve the problem?
37 | The development of fundamental theories for forces proceeded along the lines of unification of disparate ideas.
How did the development of fundamental theories for forces proceed?
38 | Orientalism, as theorized by Edward Said, refers to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East.
Who did theorize? | What did the West develop? | What does Orientalism refer to? | Where did the West develop an imaginative geography of? | Did the West develop an imaginative geography of the East? | How did the West develop an imaginative geography of the East? | Does to how the West developed an imaginative geography of the East refer Orientalism?
39 | In 1881, Tesla moved to Budapest to work under Ferenc Puskás at a telegraph company, the Budapest Telephone Exchange.
Where do Tesla work? | Where did Tesla move in 1881? | When did Tesla move to Budapest? | Did Tesla move to Budapest in 1881? | Where did Tesla move to Budapest in 1881?
40 | Luther's Commentary on Genesis contains a passage which concludes that "the soul does not sleep (anima non sic dormit), but wakes (sed vigilat) and experiences visions".
How does not the soul sleep? | What does a passage conclude? | What does Luther 's Commentary on Genesis contain? | Does a passage conclude that " the soul does not sleep ( anima non sic dormit ) , but wakes ( sed vigilat ) and experiences visions "? | Does Luther 's Commentary on Genesis contain a passage which concludes that " the soul does not sleep ( anima non sic dormit ) , but wakes ( sed vigilat ) and experiences visions "?
41 | Politically, the system of government created by Kublai Khan was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system.
Who did create government? | Did by Kublai Khan create government? | How would you describe the system of government created by Kublai Khan? | What was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system? | Was the system of government created by Kublai Khan the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system?
42 | Environmentalists are concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest, and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation, which could accelerate global warming.
Did within the vegetation contain the carbon? | Indicate characteristics of environmentalists. | Will loss result from destruction of the forest? | What could the carbon contained within the vegetation accelerate? | Could the carbon contained within the vegetation accelerate global warming? | Will from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming result loss of biodiversity? | Are environmentalists concerned about loss of biodiversity that will result from destruction of the forest , and also about the release of the carbon contained within the vegetation , which could accelerate global warming?
43 | The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) (stylized in its logo as abc since 1957) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney–ABC Television Group, a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company.
When does the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc? | Does the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957? | How would you describe the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 )? | Did by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney Company own an American commercial broadcast television network? | Where is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) the is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary? | Is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney Company? | Where is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) the is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney?
44 | While in-house production had ceased, the BBC hoped to find an independent production company to relaunch the show.
What did the BBC hope? | What did the BBC hope to find? | What does an independent production company relaunch? | Does an independent production company relaunch the show? | Did the BBC hope to find an independent production company to relaunch the show?
45 | France took control of Algeria in 1830 but began in earnest to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850, concentrating chiefly in North and West Africa, as well as South-East Asia, with other conquests in Central and East Africa, as well as the South Pacific.
What did France begin? | What did France take in 1830? | Where did France take control? | What do France rebuild after 1850? | Where did France take control of Algeria? | When did France take control of Algeria in? | Did France take control of Algeria in 1830? | When do France rebuild its worldwide empire? | Do France rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850? | Where do France rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850? | Where did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly? | Where did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in North and West Africa , as well? | Where did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in North and West Africa , as well as South - East Asia , with other conquests? | Did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in North and West Africa , as well as South - East Asia , with other conquests in Central and East Africa , as well as the South Pacific? | How did France begin to rebuild its worldwide empire after 1850 , concentrating chiefly in North and West Africa , as well as South - East Asia , with other conquests in Central and East Africa , as well as the South Pacific?
46 | To help reduce consumption, in 1974 a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph (about 88 km/h) was imposed through the Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act.
How was a national maximum speed limit of 55 mph ( about 88 km / h ) imposed?
47 | The outer surface bears usually eight comb rows, called swimming-plates, which are used for swimming.
Are swimming - plates used for swimming? | When does the outer surface bears eight comb rows , called swimming - plates , which are used for swimming? | Does the outer surface bears eight comb rows , called swimming - plates , which are used for swimming usually? | How many comb rows , called swimming - plates , which are used for swimming does the outer surface bears usually?
48 | Many of Tesla's writings are freely available on the web, including the article "The Problem of Increasing Human Energy," published in The Century Magazine in 1900, and the article "Experiments With Alternate Currents Of High Potential And High Frequency," published in his book Inventions, Researches and Writings of Nikola Tesla.
What are freely available on the web? | Where did the article publish in 1900? | Where are many of Tesla 's writings freely available? | When did the article publish in The Century Magazine? | Indicate characteristics of many of Tesla 's writings. | Are many of Tesla 's writings freely available on the web? | When are many of Tesla 's writings freely available on the web? | Where did the article " Experiments With Alternate Currents Of High Potential And High Frequency , publish?
49 | Oxygen presents two spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm.
What does Oxygen present? | How many nm does Oxygen present? | How many and 760 nm does Oxygen present? | Does Oxygen present two spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm? | How many spectrophotometric absorption bands peaking at the wavelengths 687 and 760 nm does Oxygen present?
