0 | A conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms.
What does an associated mechanical work allow? | Does a conservative force act on a closed system? | Does energy convert only between kinetic or potential forms? | What does a conservative force that acts on a closed system has? | Does an associated mechanical work allow energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms? | Does a conservative force that acts on a closed system has an associated mechanical work that allows energy to convert only between kinetic or potential forms?
1 | Further south the Southeast interior was dominated by Siouan-speaking Catawba, Muskogee-speaking Creek and Choctaw, and the Iroquoian-speaking Cherokee tribes.
Where was by Siouan - speaking Catawba , Muskogee - speaking Creek and Choctaw , and the Iroquoian - speaking Cherokee tribes dominated the Southeast? | Where was by Siouan - speaking Catawba , Muskogee - speaking Creek and Choctaw , and the Iroquoian - speaking Cherokee tribes dominated the Southeast interior? | Was by Siouan - speaking Catawba , Muskogee - speaking Creek and Choctaw , and the Iroquoian - speaking Cherokee tribes dominated the Southeast interior further south?
2 | Southern California includes the heavily built-up urban area stretching along the Pacific coast from Ventura, through the Greater Los Angeles Area and the Inland Empire, and down to Greater San Diego.
How does urban area built? | Where does the heavily built - up urban area stretching along the Pacific coast from Ventura , through the Greater Los Angeles Area and the Inland Empire , and down to Greater San Diego include southern? | Does the heavily built - up urban area stretching along the Pacific coast from Ventura , through the Greater Los Angeles Area and the Inland Empire , and down to Greater San Diego include southern California?
3 | In the United States, there has been a push to legalize importation of medications from Canada and other countries, in order to reduce consumer costs.
Where has a push to legalize importation of medications from Canada and other countries been?
4 | In 1227, Genghis Khan's army attacked and destroyed the Tangut capital of Ning Hia and continued to advance, seizing Lintiao-fu, Xining province, Xindu-fu, and Deshun province in quick succession in the spring.
What did Genghis Khan 's army destroy in 1227? | What did Genghis Khan 's army continue in 1227? | When did Genghis Khan 's army continue to advance? | Did Genghis Khan 's army continue to advance in 1227? | Where did Genghis Khan 's army continue to advance in 1227? | When did Genghis Khan 's army attack the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? | When did Genghis Khan 's army destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia? | Did Genghis Khan 's army attack the Tangut capital of Ning Hia in 1227? | Did Genghis Khan 's army destroy the Tangut capital of Ning Hia in 1227?
5 | Prior to European settlement, the area now constituting Victoria was inhabited by a large number of Aboriginal peoples, collectively known as the Koori.
Did Aboriginal peoples know collectively as the Koori? | How did Aboriginal peoples know collectively as the Koori? | What was inhabited the area now constituting Victoria prior to European settlement? | When was by a large number of Aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the Koori inhabited the area now constituting Victoria? | Was by a large number of Aboriginal peoples , collectively known as the Koori inhabited the area now constituting Victoria prior to European settlement?
6 | In many parts of the United States, after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate "with all deliberate speed", local families organized a wave of private "Christian academies".
What did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand? | Did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United States schools desegregate? | Where did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United United States schools? | How did Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka demand United States schools desegregate? | When did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " in many parts of the United States? | What did local families organize in many parts of the United States after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "? | Where did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "? | Did local families organize a wave of private " Christian academies " in many parts of the United States after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate " with all deliberate speed "?
7 | The internal cavity forms: a mouth that can usually be closed by muscles; a pharynx ("throat"); a wider area in the center that acts as a stomach; and a system of internal canals.
Can by muscles usually be closed a mouth? | When can by muscles usually be closed a mouth? | Does a wider area in the center act as a stomach?
8 | Accounts of Genghis Khan's life are marked by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies.
Are by claims of a series of betrayals and conspiracies marked accounts of Genghis Khan 's life?
9 | At the end of World War I, the Rhineland was subject to the Treaty of Versailles.
Indicate characteristics of the Rhineland. | Where was the Rhineland subject at the end of World War I? | When was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles? | Was the Rhineland subject to the Treaty of Versailles at the end of World War I?
10 | Over the next five days, private conferences were held to determine Luther's fate.
When were private conferences held? | Where were private conferences held over the next five days?
11 | Following the conquest of Dali in 1253, the former ruling Duan dynasty were appointed as governors-general, recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan, Ming, and Qing-era governments, principally in the province of Yunnan.
Who did recognize governors - general? | Did by the Yuan , Ming , and Qing - era governments recognize governors - general? | When were the former ruling Duan dynasty appointed as governors - general , recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan , Ming , and Qing - era governments , principally in the province of Yunnan? | What were appointed as governors - general , recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan , Ming , and Qing - era governments , principally in the province of Yunnan following the conquest of Dali in 1253? | Where were the former ruling Duan dynasty appointed , as governors - general , recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan , Ming , and Qing - era governments , principally in the province following the conquest of Dali in 1253? | Were the former ruling Duan dynasty appointed as governors - general , recognized as imperial officials by the Yuan , Ming , and Qing - era governments , principally in the province of Yunnan following the conquest of Dali in 1253?
12 | However, this definition is disputed by Thoreau's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective.
What is disputed this definition? | Is by Thoreau 's political philosophy pitching the conscience vs. the collective disputed this definition?
13 | Train operator Virgin Trains East Coast provides a half-hourly frequency of trains to London King's Cross, with a journey time of about three hours, these services call at Durham, Darlington, York, Doncaster, Newark North Gate and Peterborough and north to Scotland with all trains calling at Edinburgh and a small number of trains extended to Glasgow, Aberdeen and Inverness.
How do these services call? | Where do these services call? | Where did a small number of trains extend and? | What does train operator Virgin Trains East Coast provide? | Where did a small number of trains extend and to Glasgow , Aberdeen and? | Did a small number of trains extend to Glasgow , Aberdeen and Inverness? | Does train operator Virgin Trains East Coast provide a half - hourly frequency of trains?
14 | After the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220, Genghis Khan gathered his forces in Persia and Armenia to return to the Mongolian steppes.
When did Genghis Khan gather his forces in Persia and Armenia? | What did Genghis Khan gather after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220? | Where did Genghis Khan gather his forces after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220? | Who did gather his forces in Persia and Armenia after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220? | Where did Genghis Khan gather his forces in Persia and after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220? | Did Genghis Khan gather his forces in Persia and Armenia after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220? | Where did Genghis Khan gather his forces in Persia and Armenia after the defeat of the Khwarezmian Empire in 1220?
15 | Almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects.
What do almost all the rocks show? | Do almost all the rocks show evidence of impact process effects?
16 | While constitutional law concerns the European Union's governance structure, administrative law binds EU institutions and member states to follow the law.
What does administrative law bound? | What does constitutional law concern? | What do EU institutions and member states follow? | Do EU institutions and member states follow the law? | Where does administrative law bound EU institutions and member? | Does administrative law bound EU institutions and member states? | Does constitutional law concern the European Union 's governance structure?
17 | The primary law of the EU consists mainly of the founding treaties, the "core" treaties being the Treaty on European Union (TEU) and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU).
How would you describe the " core " treaties? | Where does the primary law of the EU consist? | Where does the primary law of the EU consist of the mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the Treaty? | Does the primary law of the EU consist mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the Treaty on European Union ( TEU ) and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU )? | Where does the primary law of the EU consist of the mainly of the founding treaties , the " core " treaties being the Treaty on European Union ( TEU ) and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union ( TFEU?
18 | While in Limassol, Richard the Lion-Heart married Berengaria of Navarre, first-born daughter of King Sancho VI of Navarre.
How did daughter born? | What did marry Berengaria while in Limassol? | When did Richard the Lion - Heart marry Berengaria? | Did Richard the Lion - Heart marry Berengaria while in Limassol? | Where did Richard the Lion - Heart marry Berengaria while in Limassol?
19 | The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) (stylized in its logo as abc since 1957) is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney–ABC Television Group, a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of The Walt Disney Company.
When does the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc? | Does the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957? | How would you describe the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 )? | Did by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney Company own an American commercial broadcast television network? | Where is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) the is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary? | Is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney Company? | Where is the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) ( stylized in its logo as abc since 1957 ) the is an American commercial broadcast television network that is owned by the Disney – ABC Television Group , a subsidiary of Disney Media Networks division of the Walt Disney?
20 | The United Methodist Church understands itself to be part of the holy catholic (or universal) church and it recognizes the historic ecumenical creeds, the Apostle's Creed and the Nicene Creed; which are used frequently in services of worship.
What does it recognize? | What does the United Methodist Church understand? | When are the historic used in services of worship? | How would you describe the United Methodist Church? | Are the historic used in services of worship frequently? | Do the United Methodist Church be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church? | Does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church? | How does the United Methodist Church understand to be part of the holy catholic ( or universal ) church? | Does it recognize the historic ecumenical creeds , the Apostle 's Creed and the Nicene Creed ; which are used frequently in services of worship?
21 | What intractability means in practice is open to debate.
Does intractability mean what? | How does intractability mean what? | Is what intractability means in practice open to debate? | Indicate characteristics of what intractability means in practice.
22 | Archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg did not reply to Luther's letter containing the 95 Theses.
Where did not archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg reply? | What did not reply to Luther 's letter containing the 95 Theses? | Did not archbishop Albrecht of Mainz and Magdeburg reply to Luther 's letter containing the 95 Theses?
23 | Montpellier was among the most important of the 66 "villes de sûreté" that the Edict of 1598 granted to the Huguenots.
What was montpellier? | How would you describe montpellier? | Did the Edict of 1598 grant the 66 " villes de sûreté "? | How many " villes de sûreté " did the Edict of 1598 grant? | Where did the Edict of 1598 grant the 66 " villes de sûreté "? | How many " villes de sûreté " that the Edict of 1598 granted to the Huguenots was montpellier? | Where was montpellier among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the Edict of 1598 granted to? | Was montpellier among the most important of the 66 " villes de sûreté " that the Edict of 1598 granted to the Huguenots?
24 | Steam engines frequently possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high; one may be adjusted by the user, the second is typically designed as an ultimate fail-safe.
May one be adjusted by the user? | How many may be adjusted by the user? | What do steam engines possess frequently? | Does not the pressure in the boiler go too high? | Is the second typically designed as an ultimate fail - safe? | What do steam engines possess two independent mechanisms for? | When do steam engines possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high? | Do steam engines possess two independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high frequently? | How many independent mechanisms for ensuring that the pressure in the boiler does not go too high do steam engines possess frequently?
25 | In December 1878, Tesla left Graz and severed all relations with his family to hide the fact that he dropped out of school.
What do Tesla hide? | When did Tesla left Graz? | Did he drop out of school? | Who did Tesla left in December 1878? | Did Tesla left Graz in December 1878? | What did Tesla sever in December 1878? | When did Tesla sever all relations with his family? | Do Tesla hide the fact that he dropped out of school? | Did Tesla sever all relations with his family in December 1878?
26 | Teaching in Canada requires a post-secondary degree Bachelor's Degree.
What does teaching in Canada require? | Does teaching in Canada require a post - secondary degree Bachelor 's Degree?
27 | Politically, the system of government created by Kublai Khan was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic-bureaucratic system.
Who did create government? | Did by Kublai Khan create government? | How would you describe the system of government created by Kublai Khan? | What was the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system? | Was the system of government created by Kublai Khan the product of a compromise between Mongolian patrimonial feudalism and the traditional Chinese autocratic - bureaucratic system?
28 | lol means laugh out loud.
Does lol mean laugh out loud?
29 | The network's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spilled over into its 2010–11 schedule: ABC's dramas during that season continued to fail, with the midseason forensic investigation drama Body of Proof being the only one that was renewed for a second season.
When did to fail continue? | Where did to fail continue? | When was the only one renewed? | How would you describe the midseason forensic investigation drama Body of Proof? | How many schedule did the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spil over? | Did the network 's troubles with sustaining existing series and gaining new hits spil over into its 2010–11 schedule?
30 | Since light is an oscillation it is not affected by travelling through static electric or magnetic fields in a linear medium such as a vacuum.
Is light an oscillation? | What is not it affected by? | How would you describe light? | Is not by travelling through static electric or magnetic fields in a linear medium such as a vacuum affected it? | Why is not by travelling through static electric or magnetic fields in a linear medium such as a vacuum affected it?
31 | Large-scale regeneration has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments; an innovative tilting bridge, the Gateshead Millennium Bridge was commissioned by Gateshead Council and has integrated the older Newcastle Quayside more closely with major cultural developments in Gateshead, including the BALTIC Centre for Contemporary Art, the venue for the Turner Prize 2011 and the Norman Foster-designed The Sage Gateshead music centre.
What did the Norman Foster design? | Where did the Norman Foster design The Sage Gateshead music? | Did the Norman Foster design The Sage Gateshead music centre? | Where was by Gateshead Council commissioned the Gateshead Millennium? | Was by Gateshead Council commissioned the Gateshead Millennium Bridge? | Has former shipping premises replaced with imposing new office developments? | What has an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge integrated? | Has an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge integrated the older Newcastle Quayside? | How has an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge integrated the older Newcastle Quayside? | When has an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge integrated the older Newcastle Quayside? | Where has an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge integrated the older Newcastle Quayside? | What former shipping premises has replaced former shipping premises with imposing new office developments ; an innovative tilting bridge , the Gateshead Millennium Bridge was commissioned by Gateshead Council and has integrated the older Newcastle Quayside more closely with?
32 | Passenger rail service is provided by Amtrak San Joaquins.
What is provided passenger rail service? | Is by Amtrak San Joaquins provided passenger rail service?
33 | The chloroplast double membrane is also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane.
Is the chloroplast double membrane also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane? | When is the chloroplast double membrane also often compared to the mitochondrial double membrane?
34 | ABC's master feed is transmitted in 720p high definition, the native resolution format for The Walt Disney Company's U.S. television properties.
How is ABC 's master feed transmitted? | How many high definition is transmitted in?
35 | Subject Committees are established at the beginning of each parliamentary session, and again the members on each committee reflect the balance of parties across Parliament.
When are subject Committees established? | When do the balance of parties across Parliament reflect the members on each committee? | Do the balance of parties across Parliament reflect the members on each committee again?
36 | After Washington had returned to Williamsburg, Dinwiddie ordered him to lead a larger force to assist Trent in his work.
What do him lead? | Who do him assist? | Do him assist Trent? | Do him lead a larger force? | When did Dinwiddie order him? | Where had Washington returned? | Had Washington returned to Williamsburg? | Did Dinwiddie order him after Washington had returned to Williamsburg? | What did Dinwiddie order after Washington had returned to Williamsburg? | Where did Dinwiddie order him after Washington had returned to Williamsburg?
37 | Twelve actors have headlined the series as the Doctor.
What have twelve actors headlined? | Have twelve actors headlined the series? | How many actors have headlined the series? | How have twelve actors headlined the series?
38 | Education in Wales differs in certain respects from education elsewhere in the United Kingdom.
How does education in Wales differ? | Where does education in Wales differ?
39 | Several project structures can assist the owner in this integration, including design-build, partnering and construction management.
Can several project structures assist design - build , partnering?
40 | The San Bernardino-Riverside area maintains the business districts of Downtown San Bernardino, Hospitality Business/Financial Centre, University Town which are in San Bernardino and Downtown Riverside.
What does the San Bernardino - Riverside area maintain? | Where does the San Bernardino - Riverside area maintain San the business districts? | Where are the business districts of Downtown San Bernardino , Hospitality Business / Financial Centre , University Town San Downtown San? | Are the business districts of Downtown San Bernardino , Hospitality Business / Financial Centre , University Town in San Bernardino and Downtown Riverside? | Where does the San Bernardino - Riverside area maintain San the business districts of Downtown San Bernardino , Hospitality Business / Financial Centre , University Town which are in San Bernardino and Downtown? | Does the San Bernardino - Riverside area maintain the business districts of Downtown San Bernardino , Hospitality Business / Financial Centre , University Town which are in San Bernardino and Downtown Riverside?
41 | By the opening of the 2008 General Conference, total UMC membership was estimated at 11.4 million, with about 7.9 million in the U.S. and 3.5 million overseas.
When was total UMC membership estimated at 11.4 million? | Was total UMC membership estimated at 11.4 million by the opening of the 2008 General Conference? | Where was total UMC membership estimated at 11.4 million by the opening of the 2008 General Conference? | How many at 11.4 million was total UMC membership estimated by the opening of the 2008 General Conference? | How many with about 7.9 million in the U.S. and 3.5 million overseas was estimated with about 7.9 million in the U.S. and 3.5 million at 11.4 million by the opening of the 2008 General Conference?
42 | Charles W. Eliot, president 1869–1909, eliminated the favored position of Christianity from the curriculum while opening it to student self-direction.
What did charles W. Eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminate? | Who did eliminate the favored position of Christianity from the curriculum? | Where did charles W. Eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminate the favored position? | Did charles W. Eliot , president 1869–1909 , eliminate the favored position of Christianity from the curriculum?
43 | Fourth, national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law "as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive".
What do national courts have? | Do national courts have a duty to interpret domestic law " as far as possible in the light of the wording and purpose of the directive?
44 | There are 3 main bus companies providing services in the city; Arriva North East, Go North East and Stagecoach North East.
Does Arriva North East Go North East and Stagecoach North East? | Where does Arriva North East Go North North East and Stagecoach North? | How many main bus companies providing services in the city ; Arriva North East , Go North East and Stagecoach North East are?
45 | A fine tribute to the fall of Warsaw and history of Poland can be found in the Warsaw Uprising Museum and in the Katyń Museum which preserves the memory of the crime.
Where can a fine tribute to the fall of Warsaw and history of Poland be found?
46 | In 1970, the FCC voted to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules, a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast.
What did the FCC vote in 1970? | What did the FCC vote to pass? | Do they broadcast the prime time programming? | What monopolizing the major networks the broadcast landscape by? | What monopolizing the major networks the broadcast landscape by barring them from? | What preventing the major networks the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by? | What aimed a set of regulations at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by? | What preventing the major networks the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from? | What aimed a set of regulations at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from? | What aimed a set of regulations at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming at? | What the FCC voted to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by? | Did a set of regulations aim at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast? | What the FCC voted to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from? | Where did the FCC vote to pass , the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any? | Where did the FCC vote , to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any in 1970? | What the FCC voted to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming at? | Did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast? | When did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast? | Did the FCC vote to pass the Financial Interest and Syndication Rules , a set of regulations aimed at preventing the major networks from monopolizing the broadcast landscape by barring them from owning any of the prime time programming that they broadcast in 1970?
47 | Professional sports teams in Southern California include teams from the NFL (Los Angeles Rams, San Diego Chargers); NBA (Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Clippers); MLB (Los Angeles Dodgers, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, San Diego Padres); NHL (Los Angeles Kings, Anaheim Ducks); and MLS (LA Galaxy).
What do teams from the NFL ( Los Angeles Rams , San Diego Chargers ) ; NBA ( Los Angeles Lakers , Los Angeles Clippers ) ; MLB ( Los Angeles Dodgers , Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , San Diego Padres ) ; NHL ( Los Angeles Kings , Anaheim Ducks ) ; and MLS ( LA Galaxy ) include? | Where do teams from the NFL ( Los Angeles Rams , San Diego Chargers ) ; NBA ( Los Angeles Lakers , Los Angeles Clippers ) ; MLB ( Los Angeles Dodgers , Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , San Diego Padres ) ; NHL ( Los Angeles Kings , Anaheim Ducks ) ; and MLS ( LA Galaxy ) include professional sports teams? | Do teams from the NFL ( Los Angeles Rams , San Diego Chargers ) ; NBA ( Los Angeles Lakers , Los Angeles Clippers ) ; MLB ( Los Angeles Dodgers , Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim , San Diego Padres ) ; NHL ( Los Angeles Kings , Anaheim Ducks ) ; and MLS ( LA Galaxy ) include professional sports teams in Southern California?
48 | The National Science Foundation Network (NSFNET) was a program of coordinated, evolving projects sponsored by the National Science Foundation (NSF) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the United States.
What do coordinated , evolving projects sponsored promote? | How would you describe the National Science Foundation Network ( NSFNET )? | When did by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) sponsor coordinated , evolving projects? | Where do coordinated , evolving projects sponsored promote advanced research and education networking? | Did by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) sponsor coordinated , evolving projects beginning in 1985? | Do coordinated , evolving projects sponsored promote advanced research and education networking in the United States? | Where was the National Science Foundation Network ( NSFNET ) National Science a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored? | Was the National Science Foundation Network ( NSFNET ) a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the United States? | Where was the National Science Foundation Network ( NSFNET ) National Science a program of coordinated , evolving projects sponsored by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) beginning in 1985 to promote advanced research and education networking in the United?
49 | It has won the Short Form of the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation, the oldest science fiction/fantasy award for films and series, six times (every year since 2006, except for 2009, 2013 and 2014).
When has it won except for 2009 , 2013 and? | Has it won except for 2009 , 2013 and 2014 )?
