0 | The fourth Yuan emperor, Buyantu Khan (Ayurbarwada), was a competent emperor.
What was a competent emperor? | How would you describe the fourth Yuan emperor , Buyantu Khan ( Ayurbarwada ) ,? | Was the fourth Yuan emperor , Buyantu Khan ( Ayurbarwada ) , a competent emperor?
1 | Plastoglobuli were once thought to be free-floating in the stroma, but it is now thought that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid, a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network.
What does a configuration allow? | What does a plastoglobulus exchange? | Indicate characteristics of plastoglobuli. | Does a plastoglobulus exchange its contents? | When is - floating in the stroma now thought? | Do plastoglobuli be free - floating in the stroma? | Did a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a attach the thylakoid network? | How did a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a attach the thylakoid network? | Does a configuration allow a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network? | When is that they are permanently attached either to a thylakoid or to another plastoglobulus attached to a thylakoid , a configuration that allows a plastoglobulus to exchange its contents with the thylakoid network now thought?
2 | The investors showed little interest in Tesla's ideas for new types of motors and electrical transmission equipment and also seemed to think it was better to develop an electrical utility than invent new systems.
What did the investors show? | What do the investors think? | Was to develop an electrical utility than invent new systems better? | Indicate characteristics of to develop an electrical utility than invent new systems. | Do the investors think it was better to develop an electrical utility than invent new systems? | Did the investors show little interest in Tesla 's ideas for new types of motors and electrical transmission equipment?
3 | The collection of textiles consists of more than 53,000 examples, mainly western European though all populated continents are represented, dating from the 1st century AD to the present, this is the largest such collection in the world.
How would you describe this? | Is this the largest such collection in the world? | Does the collection of textiles consist of more than 53,000 examples ,? | How many of more than 53,000 examples , does the collection of textiles consist?
4 | Kate was put off by the word 'paradox' and Erin did not know what 'marginal tax' meant.
What did not Erin know? | What did ' marginal tax ' mean? | Did ' marginal tax ' mean what? | Off by the word ' paradox ' was put Kate? | Who did not know what ' marginal tax ' meant? | Did not Erin know what ' marginal tax ' meant?
5 | The United Methodist Church has since 1985 been exploring a possible merger with three historically African-American Methodist denominations: the African Methodist Episcopal Church, the African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, and the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church.
What been the United Methodist Church exploring since 1985? | How many historically African - American Methodist denominations been the United Methodist Church exploring since 1985? | When been the United Methodist Church exploring a possible merger with three historically African - American Methodist denominations? | Been the United Methodist Church exploring a possible merger with three historically African - American Methodist denominations since 1985?
6 | Kenya is active in several sports, among them cricket, rallying, football, rugby union and boxing.
Where is Kenya active? | Indicate characteristics of Kenya. | Is Kenya active among them cricket , rallying , football , rugby union and boxing?
7 | The two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English-speaking countries are the mortar and pestle and the ℞ (recipere) character, which is often written as "Rx" in typed text.
Does countries speaking English? | Where is the ℞ ( recipere ) character often written as " Rx "? | Is the ℞ ( recipere ) character often written as " Rx " in typed text? | When is the ℞ ( recipere ) character often written as " Rx " in typed text? | Did the two symbols associate most commonly with pharmacy in English - speaking countries? | How did the two symbols associate most commonly with pharmacy in English - speaking countries? | How many symbols did associate most commonly the with pharmacy in English - speaking countries? | How would you describe the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English - speaking countries? | Are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English - speaking countries the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " Rx " in typed text? | Where are the two symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English - speaking countries the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " Rx " in typed? | How many symbols most commonly associated with pharmacy in English - speaking countries are the the mortar and pestle and the ℞ ( recipere ) character , which is often written as " Rx " in typed text?
8 | Some argue that The United Methodist Church can lay a claim on apostolic succession, as understood in the traditional sense.
What do some argue? | Where do some argue? | What can The United Methodist Church lay? | How did The United Methodist Church understand? | Can The United Methodist Church lay a claim on apostolic succession? | Do some argue that The United Methodist Church can lay a claim on apostolic succession , as understood in the traditional sense?
9 | Doctor Who first appeared on BBC TV at 17:16:20 GMT, eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time, 5:15 pm, on Saturday, 23 November 1963.
When did doctor Who appear at 17:16:20 GMT? | Where did doctor Who appear eighty seconds after the scheduled programme time , 5:15 pm , on Saturday , 23 November 1963?
10 | In 1965, at the instigation of Warner Sinback, a data network based on this voice-phone network was designed to connect GE's four computer sales and service centers (Schenectady, Phoenix, Chicago, and Phoenix) to facilitate a computer time-sharing service, apparently the world's first commercial online service.
Did a data network base on this voice - phone network? | What does a data network based on this voice - phone network facilitate? | What was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect? | What was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed at the instigation of Warner Sinback in 1965? | Does a data network based on this voice - phone network facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service? | How many computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect? | Was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix )? | Where was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect , GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix a service? | Where was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed , at , to connect GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online in 1965? | Where was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service in 1965? | How many computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed at the instigation of Warner Sinback in 1965? | When was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service at the instigation of Warner Sinback? | Was a data network based on this voice - phone network designed to connect GE 's four computer sales and service centers ( Schenectady , Phoenix , Chicago , and Phoenix ) to facilitate a computer time - sharing service , apparently the world 's first commercial online service at the instigation of Warner Sinback in 1965?
11 | Since then, and so far, general relativity has been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity.
What does the theory explain best? | Does the theory explain best gravity? | How does the theory explain best gravity? | When has general relativity been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity? | Has general relativity been acknowledged as the theory that best explains gravity and so far?
12 | One of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands was Pierre Bayle.
Was one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands Pierre Bayle? | How many of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands was Pierre Bayle? | How would you describe one of the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands?
13 | As far as programming is concerned, four of ABC's marquee shows of the 1970s ended their runs during the mid-1980s: Laverne & Shirley ended its run in 1983, Happy Days and Three's Company ended in 1984 (with the latter producing a short-lived spinoff that year), while The Love Boat ended its run in 1986.
When did the 1970s end their runs? | What did The Love Boat end in 1986? | When did The Love Boat end its run? | Did The Love Boat end its run in 1986? | What did Laverne & Shirley end in 1983? | When did Laverne & Shirley end its run? | Did Laverne & Shirley end its run in 1983? | What did the 1970s end during the mid-1980s? | When did Happy Days and Three 's Company end? | Did the 1970s end their runs during the mid-1980s? | How did Happy Days and Three 's Company end in 1984 (? | Where did Happy Days and Three 's Company end in 1984 (? | What did Happy Days and Three 's Company end in 1984 ( with?
14 | Around 1685, Huguenot refugees found a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states in Germany and Scandinavia.
Where did refugees find a safe haven around 1685? | What did refugees find in the Lutheran and Reformed states in Germany and Scandinavia around 1685? | When did refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states in Germany and Scandinavia? | Did refugees find a safe haven in the Lutheran and Reformed states in Germany and Scandinavia around 1685?
15 | Martin Luther married Katharina von Bora, one of 12 nuns he had helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in April 1523, when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels.
Who did marry? | How do them be out to smuggled? | What do them be to smuggled out in in? | What did he arrange for them to be smuggled out in in? | Did he arrange for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels? | When had he helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in? | When had he helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in April 1523? | What had he helped when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels? | Where had he helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels? | What did he have helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in April 1523 , when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in in? | Had he helped escape from the Nimbschen Cistercian convent in April 1523 when he arranged for them to be smuggled out in herring barrels?
16 | The V&A holds over 19,000 items from the Islamic world, ranging from the early Islamic period (the 7th century) to the early 20th century.
What does the V&A hold? | Does the V&A hold over 19,000 items from the Islamic world? | When does the V&A hold over 19,000 items from the Islamic world? | How many over 19,000 items from the Islamic world does the V&A hold?
17 | Around 1800 Richard Trevithick and, separately, Oliver Evans in 1801 introduced engines using high-pressure steam; Trevithick obtained his high-pressure engine patent in 1802.
What did Trevithick obtain in 1802? | What did introduce engines using high - pressure steam? | Who did obtain his high - pressure engine patent in 1802? | Where did Trevithick obtain his high - pressure engine patent? | When did Trevithick obtain his high - pressure engine patent in? | Did Trevithick obtain his high - pressure engine patent in 1802? | Did Oliver Evans in 1801 introduce engines using high - pressure steam? | How did Oliver Evans in 1801 introduce engines using high - pressure steam?
18 | The main response of the immune system to tumors is to destroy the abnormal cells using killer T cells, sometimes with the assistance of helper T cells.
How is the abnormal cells to destroy? | What is the main response of the immune system to tumors? | Is the main response of the immune system to tumors to destroy the abnormal cells using killer T cells , sometimes with the assistance of helper T cells?
19 | Luther's 1524 creedal hymn "Wir glauben all an einen Gott" ("We All Believe in One True God") is a three-stanza confession of faith prefiguring Luther's 1529 three-part explanation of the Apostles' Creed in the Small Catechism.
Where do We Believe All? | Do We Believe All in One True God? | How would you describe Luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " Wir glauben all an einen Gott " ( " We All Believe in One True God? | What is a three - stanza confession of faith prefiguring Luther 's 1529 three - part explanation of the Apostles ' Creed in the Small Catechism? | How many - part explanation of the Apostles ' Creed in the Small Catechism is Luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " Wir glauben all an einen Gott " ( " We All Believe in One True God? | Where is Luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " Wir glauben all an einen Gott " ( " We All Believe in One True God Luther all is a three - stanza confession of faith prefiguring Luther 's 1529 three - part explanation? | Is Luther 's 1524 creedal hymn " Wir glauben all an einen Gott " ( " We All Believe in One True God a three - stanza confession of faith prefiguring Luther 's 1529 three - part explanation of the Apostles ' Creed in the Small Catechism?
20 | Co-teaching has also become a new trend amongst educational institutions.
How would you describe Co - teaching? | Where has Co - teaching also become a new trend? | Has Co - teaching also become a new trend amongst educational institutions?
21 | After Malaysia's independence in 1957, the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the National School system.
What do all schools surrender? | Do all schools surrender their properties? | When did the government instruct all schools? | Where be all schools assimilated into the National School? | Be all schools assimilated into the National School system? | What did the government instruct after Malaysia 's independence in 1957? | Did the government instruct all schools after Malaysia 's independence in 1957? | Where did the government instruct all schools after Malaysia 's independence in 1957?
22 | Bolshevik leaders had effectively reestablished a polity with roughly the same extent as that empire by 1921, however with an internationalist ideology: Lenin in particular asserted the right to limited self-determination for national minorities within the new territory.
What did Lenin in particular assert? | What had bolshevik leaders effectively reestablished? | Had bolshevik leaders effectively reestablished a polity? | How had bolshevik leaders effectively reestablished a polity? | When had bolshevik leaders effectively reestablished a polity? | What did assert the right to limited self - determination for national minorities within the new territory? | Did Lenin in particular assert the right to limited self - determination for national minorities within the new territory?
23 | The Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observed that Luther's teaching about the state of the Christian's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard.
What did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe? | Where did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe Lutheran? | Where did Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differ Lutheran? | Did Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differ from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard? | What did observe that Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard? | Did the Lutheran theologian Franz Pieper observe that Luther 's teaching about the state of the Christian 's soul after death differed from the later Lutheran theologians such as Johann Gerhard?
24 | Research by Harvard economist Robert Barro, found that there is "little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment".
What did research by Harvard economist Robert Barro find? | What did find that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment "? | Did research by Harvard economist Robert Barro find that there is " little overall relation between income inequality and rates of growth and investment "?
25 | Prime ideals are the points of algebro-geometric objects, via the notion of the spectrum of a ring.
How would you describe prime ideals? | Are prime ideals the points of algebro - geometric objects? | How are prime ideals the points of algebro - geometric objects?
26 | It has been argued that the term "civil disobedience" has always suffered from ambiguity and in modern times, become utterly debased.
Indicate characteristics of the term " civil disobedience ". | When do the term " civil disobedience " become utterly debased? | Has the term " civil disobedience " always suffered from ambiguity? | When has the term " civil disobedience " always suffered from ambiguity? | Do the term " civil disobedience " become utterly debased in modern times?
27 | The tentacles of cydippid ctenophores are typically fringed with tentilla ("little tentacles"), although a few genera have simple tentacles without these sidebranches.
What do a few genera have? | Do a few genera have simple tentacles? | How do a few genera have simple tentacles? | Are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles " )? | Are the tentacles of cydippid ctenophores typically fringed with tentilla ( " little tentacles "?
28 | While many United Methodist congregations operate in the evangelical tradition, others reflect the mainline Protestant traditions.
Where do many United Methodist congregations operate? | Do the mainline Protestant traditions reflect others? | Where do the mainline Protestant traditions reflect others?
29 | At the begin of the Holocene (~11,700 years ago), the Rhine occupied its Late-Glacial valley.
When did the Rhine occupy its Late - Glacial valley? | What did the Rhine occupy at the begin of the Holocene ( ~11,700 years ago )? | Did the Rhine occupy its Late - Glacial valley at the begin of the Holocene ( ~11,700 years ago )?
30 | James Maury "Jim" Henson (September 24, 1936 a May 16, 1990) was one of the most widely known puppeteers in American history and was the creator of The Muppets.
What was the creator of The Muppets? | What was one of the most widely known puppeteers in American history? | How would you describe james Maury " Jim " Henson ( September 24 , 1936 a May 16 , 1990 )? | Was james Maury " Jim " Henson ( September 24 , 1936 a May 16 , 1990 ) the creator of The Muppets? | Was james Maury " Jim " Henson ( September 24 , 1936 a May 16 , 1990 ) one of the most widely known puppeteers in American history?
31 | ABC originally launched on October 12, 1943 as a radio network, separated from and serving as the successor to the NBC Blue Network, which had been purchased by Edward J. Noble.
When did ABC launch? | Where did ABC launch on October 12 , 1943? | Who had been purchased the NBC Blue Network? | Where had by Edward J. Noble been purchased the NBC Blue? | Had by Edward J. Noble been purchased the NBC Blue Network?
32 | Many machine models different from the standard multi-tape Turing machines have been proposed in the literature, for example random access machines.
Where have many machine models different from the standard multi - tape Turing machines been proposed?
33 | Demographically, it was the most diverse city in Poland, with significant numbers of foreign-born inhabitants.
How would you describe it? | Do foreign born inhabitants? | Where was it the most diverse city? | Was it the most diverse city in Poland?
34 | The effect of Luther's intervention was immediate.
Was the effect of Luther 's intervention immediate? | Indicate characteristics of the effect of Luther 's intervention.
35 | Kenya’s armed forces, like many government institutions in the country, have been tainted by corruption allegations.
Have Kenya ’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations? | How have Kenya ’s armed forces been tainted by corruption allegations?
36 | In early 2012, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stated that the league planned to make the 50th Super Bowl "spectacular" and that it would be "an important game for us as a league".
What did the league plan? | How would you describe it? | What did the league plan to make? | Would it be an important game for us as a league "? | What did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell state in early 2012? | Did the league plan to make the 50th Super Bowl " spectacular "? | What did state that the league planned to make the 50th Super Bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " in early 2012? | When did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell state that the league planned to make the 50th Super Bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league "? | Did NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell state that the league planned to make the 50th Super Bowl " spectacular " and that it would be " an important game for us as a league " in early 2012?
37 | The French acquired a copy of the British war plans, including the activities of Shirley and Johnson.
What did the French acquire? | Did the French acquire a copy of the British war plans , including the activities of Shirley and Johnson?
38 | Private schooling in the United States has been debated by educators, lawmakers and parents, since the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852.
When has by educators , lawmakers and parents been debated private schooling in the United States? | Where has by educators , lawmakers and parents been debated private schooling since the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? | Has by educators , lawmakers and parents been debated private schooling in the United States since the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852? | Where has by educators , lawmakers and parents been debated private schooling in the United States since the beginnings of compulsory education in Massachusetts in 1852?
39 | The city has two universities — Newcastle University and Northumbria University.
What does the city has? | Where does the city has two universities — Newcastle University and Northumbria? | Does the city has two universities — Newcastle University and Northumbria University? | How many universities — Newcastle University and Northumbria University does the city has?
40 | A construction project is a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations, each of which all parties must carefully consider.
How would you describe a construction project? | Must all parties carefully consider each of which? | How must all parties carefully consider each of which? | Is a construction project a complex net of contracts and other legal obligations , each of which all parties must carefully consider?
41 | For a precise definition of what it means to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space, a computational model such as the deterministic Turing machine is used.
What does it mean? | How does a problem mean to solve? | Does it mean to solve a problem using a given amount of time and space?
42 | The concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s.
Where is the concept of legal certainty is is recognised one? | Where is the concept of legal certainty is is recognised one of the general principles? | How many of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s is recognised? | How many of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s is the concept of legal certainty is? | Is the concept of legal certainty is recognised one of the general principles of European Union law by the European Court of Justice since the 1960s?
43 | From Italy, the disease spread northwest across Europe, striking France, Spain, Portugal and England by June 1348, then turned and spread east through Germany and Scandinavia from 1348 to 1350.
When did the disease turn? | Where did the disease turn then? | Where the disease turned and spread? | Where the disease turned and spread then? | When the disease turned and spread from Italy? | When the disease turned and spread northwest across Europe?
44 | There are concentrations of pubs, bars and nightclubs around the Bigg Market and the Quayside area of the city centre.
45 | Near the end of the 19th century compound engines came into widespread use.
Did near the end of the 19th century compound engines come into widespread use?
46 | As a member of the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body, the Presiding Officer is responsible for ensuring that the Parliament functions effectively and has the staff, property and resources it requires to operate.
What does it require? | Does it require to operate? | What does the Parliament functions has? | What is the Presiding Officer responsible for? | Indicate characteristics of the Presiding Officer. | Does it require to operate the staff , property and resources? | Does the Parliament functions has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate? | Where is the Presiding Officer , responsible for ensuring that the Parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to? | Is the Presiding Officer responsible for ensuring that the Parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate? | Where is the Presiding Officer responsible for ensuring that the Parliament functions effectively and has the staff , property and resources it requires to operate?
47 | At the end of this speech, Luther raised his arm "in the traditional salute of a knight winning a bout."
When did Luther raise his arm? | What did Luther raise at the end of this speech? | Did Luther raise his arm at the end of this speech? | How did Luther raise his arm at the end of this speech?
48 | In Germany, teachers are mainly civil servants recruited in special university classes, called Lehramtstudien (Teaching Education Studies).
How would you describe teachers? | How would you describe special university classes? | Did civil servants recruit in special university classes? | Did special university classes call Lehramtstudien ( Teaching Education Studies )? | Where did special university classes call Lehramtstudien ( Teaching Education Studies? | Where are teachers civil servants recruited in special university classes , called Lehramtstudien ( Teaching Education Studies? | Where are teachers civil servants recruited in special university classes , called Lehramtstudien ( Teaching Education Studies )? | Are teachers civil servants recruited in special university classes , called Lehramtstudien ( Teaching Education Studies ) in Germany?
49 | When the Committee for Non-Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957, at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas, Nevada, 13 of the protesters attempted to enter the test site knowing that they faced arrest.
What did they face? | Did they face arrest? | What did 13 of the protesters attempt to enter? | Did 13 of the protesters attempt to enter the test site? | when did 13 of the protesters attempt to enter the test site? | How many of the protesters did attempt to enter the test site? | Where did the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsor a protest in August 1957? | when did the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsor a protest at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas? | What did the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsor at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas in August 1957? | Did the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsor a protest at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas in August 1957? | What did 13 of the protesters attempt when the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957 , at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas , Nevada ,? | Did 13 of the protesters attempt to enter the test site when the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957 , at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas , Nevada ,? | Where did 13 of the protesters attempt to enter the test site when the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957 , at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas , Nevada ,? | How many of the protesters did attempt to enter the test site when the Committee for Non - Violent Action sponsored a protest in August 1957 , at the Camp Mercury nuclear test site near Las Vegas , Nevada ,?
